Chapter 13 pg805 - 10, 12
10. Number Array Class
Design a class that has an array of floating-point numbers. The constructor should
accept an integer argument and dynamically allocate the array to hold that many
numbers. The destructor should free the memory held by the array. In addition, there
should be member functions to perform the following operations:
• Store a number in any element of the array
• Retrieve a number from any element of the array
• Return the highest value stored in the array
• Return the lowest value stored in the array
• Return the average of all the numbers stored in the array
Demonstrate the class in a program.

12. Coin Toss Simulator
Write a class named Coin . The Coin class should have the following member variable:
• A string named sideUp . The sideUp member variable will hold either “heads” or
“tails” indicating the side of the coin that is facing up.
The Coin class should have the following member functions:
• A default constructor that randomly determines the side of the coin that is facing up
(“heads” or “tails”) and initializes the sideUp member variable accordingly.
• A void member function named toss that simulates the tossing of the coin. When
the toss member function is called, it randomly determines the side of the coin that
is facing up (“heads” or “tails”) and sets the sideUp member variable accordingly.
• A member function named getSideUp that returns the value of the sideUp member
variable.
Write a program that demonstrates the Coin class. The program should create an
instance of the class and display the side that is initially facing up. Then, use a loop
to toss the coin 20 times. Each time the coin is tossed, display the side that is facing
up. The program should keep count of the number of times heads is facing up and the
number of times tails is facing up, and display those values after the loop finishes.
13. Tossing Coins for a Dollar
For this assignment, you will create a game program using the Coin class from
Programming Challenge 12. The program should have three instances of the Coin
class: one representing a quarter, one representing a dime, and one representing a nickel.
When the game begins, your starting balance is $0. During each round of the game,
the program will toss the simulated coins. When a coin is tossed, the value of the coin
is added to your balance if it lands heads-up. For example, if the quarter lands headsup,
25 cents is added to your balance. Nothing is added to your balance for coins that
land tails-up. The game is over when your balance reaches $1 or more. If your balance
is exactly $1, you win the game. You lose if your balance exceeds $1.
